Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
Our Gangsu Group...
[Episode 7]
cherishes our cleaning employees.
We are considerate of them.
Therefore, CEO Byun Gang Su...
has decided to not use external
contractors for cleaning services.
He will hire them directly.
He decided to make that
announcement on this very day.
What? Is that true?
Hyuk didn't mention that.
I never heard that.
Hyuk.
- What's going on?
- Hey.
What's happening?
Is it true?
Is that true?
Changing temporary
employees to full-time?
All of those employees?
CEO Byun Gang Su.
I truly thank you for this
very meaningful decision.
- It's true?
- Really? Oh my.
CEO Byun Gang Su!
Thank you!
Give him a round of applause!
That little punk.
CEO Byun! CEO!
Is that true?
Please give us a comment.
Just one comment.
Hyuk, you little rascal.
Come here.
Hey, you insane little punk.
When did I ever decide that?
Who said you could say that?
They clean the Gangsu Group building.
It's strange that they're not
employees of Gangsu Group.
So, what?
You dare to protest your
father's company?
I wasn't there as your son.
I was there as the cleaner,
Byun Hyuk.
So...
you're going to become
a fighter for rights overnight?
It's not that.
I know what's going on.
The main contractor abuses
its power over contractors.
Service contractors
abuse power over the employees.
It's never-ending.
That's how it is.
I know it all too.
You don't know what you're talking about.
What were you doing?
What were you doing!
- Father!
- You should've stopped it!
Stop it, Father!
Oh, you'd better let go.
Let go of me!
Don't hit Jae Hoon, please.
- Just hit me.
- Hey!
- Don't hit other people.
- Let go!
I said don't hit others!
How dare you?
Why, you little...
All right, let's both die here today.
You rascal.
Get up now, punk.
I... I have something to say.
Joon.
Who are you?
Hey, Secretary Park.
What were you doing!
Please leave.
Just a moment.
I just need one moment.
Didn't Gangsu Group contract out the
cleaners in order to save labor costs?
But, when the contractors hire cleaners,
you pay a high commission fee.
Meanwhile, the cleaners get poor
benefits, pay, and unfair dismissal.
So? What does that
have to do with me?
What I'm trying say is...
if Gangsu Group hired cleaners directly,
there would be no difference in cost.
Also, the cleaning staff
wouldn't suffer under contractors.
If the costs are the same,
why would I have to do such a thing?
"A person's heart is more
important than money."
"To create employees who care"
"owners must first
understand their hearts."
Third line on page 470 of your
book, "Human Management."
Didn't you write that yourself, CEO Byun?
You read my book?
Between employees
who think of it as their company
and those who consider it temporary...
who do you think would work harder?
Are you a cleaner, as well?
No, I got fired yesterday.
Then I have no reason to listen to you.
You should work here, at the least,
to request something from me.
You're nothing here.
You can talk all you want and show off,
but what's the use?
If you're so great,
you should become an employee here.
Full-time employment is silly.
What?
You work so hard to get it,
but you lose your job in your 40s.
People waste time, money,
and their lives just to get that job.
You're a coward.
A coward?
- Are you talking about me?
- Yes.
You're scared and running
before even starting.
You have lots of excuses,
and you haven't even tried.
Coward.
Joon, I'm so sorry.
I'll apologize on behalf of my father.
Joon.
Was this it?
Your plan to do whatever you could?
At least, I didn't die.
Since things worked out like this,
I'll keep trying.
I mean it.
No, this is more than enough.
Don't get yourself hit over
something that won't work out.
I'll get going.
- This is Strategic Planning.
There will be an announcement.
Please wait for
the official announcement.
Our department doesn't handle that.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I couldn't put a stop to it.
Wasn't it your job before to
keep an eye on that second son?
That guy came and
caused a scene at your event.
Does it make sense
that you didn't know about it?
Hey, do you know how much money
we spent on this project?
Yet, no one is interested
in the new food item.
Everyone is asking about
the cleaners instead.
What are you going to do?
What are you going to about it!
I'm sorry.
Is "sorry" going to cut it?
Oh.
Yes.
We are not responsible for the cleaners.
Nothing's been confirmed, so please
wait for an official announcement.
Yes.
Move!
Are you all crazy?
What were you thinking going up there?
You trusted in the CEO's son
and caused that scene?
I could lose my job
because of you people!
Hey, stop thinking so negatively.
He is the CEO's son.
You never know.
CEO Byun might do everything
that his son asked for.
- That is true.
- He might.
Oh, what's wrong?
Did someone hit you?
Do what his son asked for?
Yeah, right.
It's all over. It's over.
So annoying.
To his own son!
Even if he's angry,
how could he do this to his son?
I guess it was a part of the process.
I tried doing what I could.
I'm sorry things worked out this way.
Why would you be sorry? We're fine.
Telling all those people that
we are important was more than enough.
Yeah, you were cool.
Thank you.
Where did Joon go, anyway?
She followed you to the CEO's office.
Didn't you see her?
Eat this.
- You eat one too, Honey.
- Okay.
Here you go.
Yum. It's sweet.
Oh, it's winter already.
Every day, it's colder.
- Good, right?
- Yes.
Is it good?
Here.
I'm here, Dad.
Sorry it's been so long.
You're a coward.
You're scared and running
before even starting.
You have lots of excuses,
and you haven't even tried.
Coward.
Am I really?
Am I really... a coward?
Jae Hoon.
Joon's not home yet.
Why are you like that?
You only think about yourself, don't you?
You don't care if others get hurt
or have a hard time because of you.
Only your life matters to you.
I'm really sorry, Jae Hoon.
I didn't mean to ruin the event.
It was really important
to the cleaning employees.
Cleaning employees?
Since when did you care
about people like that?
Jae Hoon.
If you're going to cause problems...
do it outside the company.
Don't cause a headache
for so many people.
I'm getting really tired of you.
About Hyuk...
What do you think of him?
I don't know much,
but he sure has a lot of spirit.
Yeah?
You think so too, right?
That kid...
I wondered what he would be able to do.
He has a more ambitious spirit
than I thought.
While we're on the topic...
why don't you take him into your
Strategic Planning team?
See if he can make it or not.
Take him in and put him to work.
I can't do that, CEO Byun.
You can't?
Why not?
If you want him on my team,
do it officially.
As it turns out,
we're hiring new interns.
Getting hired fairly
by his own merits into Gangsu
is what's best for you and Hyuk.
Oh, no.
He couldn't even graduate
college in the US.
He's only a high school graduate
and has no experience.
How can he get hired by our company?
We won't be looking at academics,
gender, or age this time.
We won't be looking at the
resume they've built up.
We'll be choosing based on
their capabilities and character.
So...
you're saying Hyuk can get in?
You're curious to know
if he can make it or not.
If he can make it,
he should get in.
The intern applications start today.
Don't be stubborn.
Is it true that you won't be
looking at the resume?
- Yes.
- Oh, Gangsu Group's doing good work.
Go on.
What? You want me to what?
Apply for the open call for interns.
If you pass everything
and become an intern
I'll think about hiring
the cleaning staff directly.
Apply today if you want to be
held responsible for your words.
Father, this isn't right.
- Why not?
- An intern?
How could I get in?
You know my education and resume.
This isn't a proper negotiation.
You're basically saying you won't do it.
A person who makes claims
without even knowing a thing.
Is that a proper negotiation?
- Father.
- I'm done talking.
It's up to you if you
want to accept it or not.
Hello?
Wh... what? Intern?
Who? You?
Yes, me.
Does this make sense?
He wants me to apply to be an intern.
He says I need to pass so he'll
consider hiring the cleaners.
What do you think this means?
What else? He's saying screw off.
Well, there's no need
to say it so directly.
Your education is lacking.
All you have going for you
is that you're the CEO's son.
It's not like the CEO
is giving you the position.
He wants you to fight fairly
with others and pass on your own.
Yes.
He must be telling me to screw off.
I heard they're not looking at
the resume this time.
Even so, there's a limit to it.
At the final stages, what would
they look at if not the resume?
Hold on.
So, this whole thing about "no resumes"
was all about the company's image?
Yet, you were pushing me to apply?
Even though you knew it was all a lie.
Joon, you're going to
apply to be an intern too?
Don't be ridiculous.
You and Hyuk are on a different level.
Yes, Joon is on a different level
of intelligence than me.
I'm glad that you know.
There's no need for you
to be conflicted.
You will fail that intern interview.
Gangsu Group will re-sign
with the cleaning contractors.
Then CEO Min will continue
to reap the benefits.
Well, then there's
nothing to think about.
Just apply.
Yes, right?
What?
- Do what?
- Hey, Baek Joon.
You said you'd get them hired.
Their lives are in your hands right now.
You're quitting without even trying?
No, that's not it.
Don't egg him on to do things
he can't be responsible for.
Then you shouldn't have done that
performance at the event at all, Hyuk.
That is true.
No. Don't even think about it.
You can't do it.
Yes, I can't.
A man is giving up before trying?
Yes, that's not right.
I told you not to do it.
I told you to do it.
Your father told Hyuk
to apply for an internship?
I know, right?
Even if he is angry,
why would he tell Hyuk to intern?
It's a bit too much.
What in the world is he thinking?
Is there anything you know, Mother?
You told me to give him wings.
What do you mean by that?
If he has wings, he'll fly.
I don't know if he's a phoenix.
I need to throw him to know
if he's an eagle or a baby chick.
Father said that?
I wondered what that meant, at the time.
Hey, Woo Sung.
Do you think your father is trying
to help train Hyuk right now?
Shouldn't you help Hyuk
as his older brother, then?
Come on, Mother.
You know he's just a troublemaker.
How could I help?
Hey, Hyuk didn't turn
his back on you back then.
That young thing was
protecting his older brother...
Never mind. Let's not talk about it.
Oh, I can't do it. I can't.
How can I do it?
Even if they're not looking at resumes.
I need to know something
to pass the tests.
Oh, I can't do it. I can't do it.
Is Hyuk that poorly educated?
I don't really know.
How much of a bad student was he?
It can't be just that.
Yeah, it can't just be about that.
What would happen if he doesn't pass?
That determines whether
we become direct hires or not.
It must be such
an emotional burden, right?
Yeah, yeah.
What brings you by?
I was just curious about where you lived.
It's not as bad as I thought it'd be.
My home is very shabby.
Would you like to go to a cafe nearby?
It's okay, Jae Hoon.
Don't worry about that.
There's a cafe five minutes away.
He says he was curious
about where I lived.
Then I should show him.
Come on, Brother.
Wait here.
Are you okay with coffee, Woo Sung?
No, I don't drink coffee after 6:00 p.m.
Then I'll drink alone.
Ah, okay. I'm recharged.
It’s a bit small, right?
Sit wherever you feel comfortable.
So, Father told you
to apply for the internship.
That's what I heard.
Yes.
What is it?
You said you needed money.
I gave you more than enough in there.
Take it and leave Korea for a while.
Go on vacation
and give your mind a break.
Also, don't take Father's offer
too seriously.
Don't act up, kid.
You wouldn't even
pass the intern interview.
What are you rambling on about
direct hiring of cleaners?
Just shut your mouth and live quietly.
That's what he means by it.
Hyuk.
You've done enough.
You've shown your presence enough.
Stop now and go have fun
somewhere outside of this country.
I'll give you whatever you need
while you're there, okay?
Please, Hyuk.
I'll do whatever you need.
Save me just this once.
You know I'll die if our father knows.
You're the only person who can help me.
You're the only one...
I'll do anything you want, okay?
So, Hyuk. Save me this once.
I'm begging like this.
My goodness. I can't believe this.
You little bastard.
Honey!
Have you no fear?
You took the car out tonight
and hit a person?
What? What happened?
Hyuk... Hyuk.
I'm sorry.
Turn yourself in!
Take responsibility
for the things you've done!
Honey, please. Our Hyuk is still young.
He still has his future.
Please help him this once.
I don't know.
Honey!
Honey, Honey!
This is amusing.
When you say you'll do anything for me...
it means you're desperate.
Right?
Now that I think about it...
there was only one thing
you could do for me.
Ah, I'm not upset by it though.
For one thing, it's not fun anymore.
Whatever it is...
people doing things for me.
You're not saying you're really going
to apply for this internship, are you?
Honestly, I wasn't up for the task.
But you showed up here
worrying about me.
I feel pathetic at the fact
that I was scared.
So, you're doing it?
You'll cheer me on, right, Brother?
Tell him he doesn't need
to feel too burdened by us.
Everyone has to make his own living.
People have to live their own lives.
Of course, he doesn't need
to feel responsible for us at all.
That's right.
Are you just leaving like that?
What is he thinking?
Do you know anything?
Thinking? Nothing, really.
I just got mad on my own
and got upset.
Is that really it?
Hm?
I'm sure that's all it is.
He probably only said it out of
embarrassment in front of his brother.
- Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
- No.
Don't do a single thing.
Let him go for the internship.
He needs to see how low and
how much of a nobody he is.
He needs to get out there to see.
Joon, what did you just say?
Let's do it together, that intern test.
Really? You too?
Why, suddenly?
I can't leave you
to get screwed by yourself.
Joon.
Of course, it's not free,
so don't expect too much.
Intern tests all have three rounds.
First round, human resources
screening test.
Second round, a practical skills test.
Third round, a personal interview.
For every round you pass,
200,000 won and you get special training.
If you pass the whole thing,
I get a bonus of 100,000 on top.
How about it?
That doesn't matter to me.
Special training though? What's that?
They won't accept just anyone,
even if they don't look at resumes.
That means they need
other means to evaluate you.
Language.
Math.
Deduction.
Spatial perception, current events.
You need master all of these things.
All of this?
Yes.
Last of all... this one too.
[Human Management]
[Interning is my path to survival!]
You think that will work?
You agree, right?
Hey, Byun Hyuk.
You're not studying, are you?
Get back to studying now!
Oh, oh. Okay, I will.
I'll study. I will.
Joon knows me so well.
Eat while you study.
Yum, this rice.
It's so good.
The ramen noodles are really great.
These are the questions they've used
in the past three years.
It's a study guide of past exams.
It was very hard to get this.
Use this to study.
We'll make good use of it, Madam Ahn.
Here.
It's a study guide that Madam Ahn
worked hard to get, so memorize it.
There's so much I have to memorize, Joon.
Ah... yum.
- Keep it up.
- Okay.
I managed to get
these documents from the company.
Thank you, Mister.
No need to thank me.
Oh, you're resting.
Is it going well?
I don't know.
I'm just doing what Joon tells me to.
It's so hard, my friend.
I've been pooping blood.
Why are you pushing so hard?
No matter how much you rile him up,
Hyuk won't make it.
He won't pass.
Even if he passes rounds one and two,
he won't make it past round three.
Why?
Chief Byun Woo Sung will fail him.
Why does he go that far
to keep Hyuk in check?
He's not keeping him in check.
He looks down on him.
A younger brother is giving it a try.
The older brother
purposely gets in the way.
Is that merely looking down on him?
I think differently.
Are you getting involved in
Hyuk's sibling fights too?
You could even end up being in charge
of taking care of Hyuk instead of me.
What? Can't I do that?
You do it, so why can't I do it?
Are you serious about that nonsense?
You said you've been friends
with Hyuk since kindergarten.
Don't you know Hyuk at all?
Then what about you?
What do you know about him?
You haven't known him that long.
At least, I know the burden of
responsibility he's carrying.
Do you think Hyuk knows what
the word "responsibility" means?
If he didn't know,
why would he be doing this?
He could live life in comfort.
Do you really not know?
It's all because of you.
Because you keep telling him to do it
and encouraging him.
He doesn't even know what he's doing
and he's running in head first.
What if it is because of me?
Is that wrong?
What do you mean by that?
Whatever the reason,
he's doing something with sincerity.
Isn't that good enough?
What is it?
That burden of responsibility?
Hey, Byun Hyuk. Are you sleeping?
[Mister Lee]
[Mister Kim]
[Madam Ahn]
Hey, Mister Byun. Stay strong.
We are staying strong, thanks to you.
Hyuk, it's okay if you fail.
Don't feel burdened.
Whatever happens, thank you.
Thank you.
I'll treat you to pork belly if you
pass the intern interview.
I'll treat you to pork belly
even if you fail.
Keep it up today too!
Mister Byun, stay strong!
Byun Hyuk! We love you!
Hello.
Thank you.
Joon, you know the new guy
who moved in next door?
Is it a guy that moved in?
Yes.
From what I can tell,
he's around our age.
Anyway, he looks kind of simple.
But I think he's interested in me.
Whenever I run into him,
he never says a single word.
Then he carries my luggage
up the stairs for me.
Well, you do have
great visuals, Yeon Hee.
I know.
I'm so pretty that it's an annoyance.
Okay, it's ready. Let's eat.
Let's give it a try.
It's so good.
As always, the rice you mix
is the best, Joon.
It's the red chili paste that's good.
Gangsu Foods does make really
great red chili paste, right?
I suppose so.
Joon.
Try this red chili paste.
Your dad developed this.
- Really?
- Yes.
Oh, it's spicy.
So spicy!
Joon, don't forget this taste.
This will become the
base of Gangsu Foods.
So spicy, so spicy.
By the way...
how are the preparations
for the intern test going
with the third generation punk?
Not bad.
When is it?
Tomorrow.
- You can do it!
- We can!
We're not late, are we?
- We still have five minutes.
- Okay.
[Gangsu Food Intern Screening Test]
Mister Lee, Mister Kim, Madam Ahn!
Good luck!
Good luck in there!
Pass, pass, pass!
Yes, Madam.
Young Master Hyuk has
safely arrived at the company.
Really?
He wasn't late, was he?
All right.
You don't need to be scared or nervous.
Practice like a battle
and battle like practice.
Don't worry. I'll be there with you.
Got it?
Yes, Joon is with me.
I have the study guide from Madam Ahn.
Good luck!
I have the information from Mister Lee.
I'm not alone in this test.
I'm starting to see the questions.
Huh? I can see the answers too.
Wow. Awesome.
Oh, oh. This one!
I know this one.
Chief, Chief!
What is it?
There's a disaster.
They say that Byun Hyuk
has passed the first round test.
Wow, this is great.
No need to be so happy.
It's only the first round.
The first round is not so easy.
Wait, what happens after first round?
What else?
He takes the second round test.
What is the second round test?
The second round test is a blind test.
You need to find the Gangsu Food product
from the products in front of you.
Carefully taste the food in front of you
and write your answer on the sheet.
Okay, let's get started then.
Eat while you study.
Yum, Gangsu.
Yum, hot bar.
Don't forget it.
I'm going to test you on it.
In the 18th century,
he started the realist movement.
A realist and reformist?
Ha Nam Hee.
Post Joseon era, it's Oh Seon Jong.
Yes.
Yum.
Yes, yes.
This is the taste.
Yeah!
No, Joon.
Just one second, no five seconds.
People are watching.
Three, four, five.
I did well, right?
You did. That was great.
I really didn't think
a hot bar would be there.
The cup ramen confused me a little.
- D, D, D, D!
Let's go to round three now.
- Let's go.
Good job.
What? My Hyuk passed round two?
Really? He even passed round two?
May I ask you one more question?
Did a girl named Baek Joon pass too?
Ah, I see.
All right. Thank you, Secretary Park.
Baek Joon? Who's that?
You don't need to know.
What's going on?
Is she really Pyunggang?
Really? Yes.
So, Hyuk even passed round two?
So, you had a good idea,
Managing Director Seol.
Well, then...
Who's going into the final interview?
Tell us your positive traits.
My positive traits?
An abundance of sensitivity.
I happen to like poems a lot.
I have over 100 poems memorized.
Should I recite one?
"When looking at me
disgusts you and you leave"--
That's fine.
Next question.
I could give you
10 billion won right now.
Oh, really?
You can split that with your friend.
It's up to you how you split it.
However...
you need your friend's agreement in order
to receive that 10 billion won from me.
How will you split it?
I will split it 50:50.
Are you saying you're not
confident in negotiating?
Think of a way you could negotiate
to maximize your profits.
Then answer again.
How would that make me happy?
You said the person was a friend.
If I negotiated at my best
and split it 70:30 or 90:10
my friendship with that person would end.
Then I wouldn't be happy.
I would choose to split it evenly
and be happy together.
What is this strange mood?
Good job.
You did a good job today,
so I'll treat you to dinner.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Joon, you're paying?
- Of course.
What should we eat?
What is this?
What should we do?
When did you all prepare this?
I'd better film this.
Good job!
We are already so grateful.
Even if you don't pass...
we won't ever forget this.
You put in so much work for us.
Hurry. Come on.
Put it there.
- Is it done?
- Okay.
Wow.
We're done. We're done.
We're treating you to pork belly.
Treating you!
Let's go eat some hot pork belly!
- Pork belly?
- Hot?
- So hot.
- Oh...
Oh, so hot, so hot.
My heart is on fire because of you.
In front of love, I am melting.
Wow.
They're not my family or friends.
Not even the woman I love.
Why are they making me so emotional?
They're your colleagues.
Yes, coming!
Oh, so hot, so hot.
Why aren't you coming?
I'm coming.
Oh, so hot, so hot.
Then with a unanimous vote...
[Pass]
Next is Byun Hyuk.
- Hey.
- Let's say a cheer.
From battle to practice!
From practice to battle!
- Cheers!
- Cheers.
Wow.
Was soju always this good?
It's much cleaner than liquor.
Did you just figure that out now?
Here. Have this.
Mister Kim, thank you for
buying the pork belly today.
Is that what's going on?
All right, I'll treat.
Wow. Yeah!
Yeah!
He's not a normal applicant.
Splitting his money in half.
That's ridiculous humanism.
This doesn't suit Gangsu Foods.
If we try to keep a monopoly,
we will fall into ruin one of these days.
It's important to be
sensitive and ethical.
I think it's a good mindset to have.
Then since it is not unanimous...
I will put him in the fail pile.
So, have the decisions been made?
What happened to Hyuk?
He failed in the unanimous vote.
So, I used my wild card.
Wild card?
Then that means...
I don't think re-signing
your contract will work out.
Did Byun Hyuk, that kid, pass?
That's how it worked out.
See you next time.
Wait.
Here it is, Father. I passed.
Please directly hire the cleaning staff
just as you promised.
- Also...
- What now?
Allow them to eat in the cafeteria.
Shall we go?
Hello.
I'm the Strategic Team intern, Byun Hyuk.
Let's work well together.
Good morning.
I'm Baek Joon,
who has been re-instated today.
Let's work well together, Manager.
Oh, that's great!
You two really did it.
I'm glad to see you back.
It would've been good if you got
the internship too though.
Yeah.
Hello. I'm Baek Joon.
Please sit.
Tell us your positive trait.
Mine is that I have
many types of work experience.
What kind of experience?
I have paid my own tuition and
expenses since first year of college.
I've had many part-time jobs.
From tutoring students, being a
hotel maid, and a catering server...
Tiling at construction sites,
designated driving
doing sales at the mall,
and being a barista.
I think I've had more experience
than most my age.
Perhaps, you're not good at
sticking at one thing.
I like to think I'm a multi-player
who can do many things at once.
What's your motivation
for applying for Gangsu Foods?
I had to prove that I wasn't a coward.
Not to anyone else, but myself.
You're a coward.
I've done that now.
Coming this far was enough.
Do you have any last words
you want to say?
Do not choose me.
I will not be an intern here.
Why are you being so stubborn?
About what?
You got notice that you passed,
so why didn't you go into work?
Why did you go back there?
I told you that I think
full-time work is silly.
And working as
a contract cleaner is okay?
I'm different than the others.
I'm only a part-time contract worker.
It's just about freedom. That's all...
I can leave whenever I want.
How sincere are you?
- What do you mean?
- With Hyuk.
I'm asking if you're interested in him
as more than a friend.
Why do I have to tell you that?
Because it bothers me.
Why?
Why would it bother you?
Did you forget?
I'm in charge of looking after Hyuk.
I should know what the people
around Hyuk are thinking.
So, you need to know
my feelings on Hyuk too?
Is that it?
Answer me.
Do you... like Hyuk?
Yes, I do like it.
Mix coffee, drip coffee,
espresso. I like it all.
Oh, really? Then go make some.
- Me?
- Yes, you.
The intern should go.
Should I do it, then?
Yes, I will.
Here you go. Recharge yourself.
- Oh, Byun Hyuk.
- Yes?
This is one of the companies
we work with.
Get them to stamp this with their seal.
I should do it?
Yes, it's not hard at all.
Just get them to stamp it.
Think of it as
your first job as the intern.
You can do a good job, right?
Of course. I can do a good job.
Take a look here.
Here, here, and here.
Get them to stamp it
with their legal seal.
- You know what that is, right?
- Yes.
I'll succeed and return.
So, the factory is
in Gyeonggi-do, Anseong?
Get a car from the admin team.
Yes, I will.
This is your first task?
Yes, I just need them
to stamp their seal.
Still, they gave this to an intern?
Yes, I just need to get it stamped.
I just don't think this will be
easy to get resolved on your own.
It's okay. I just
need to get it stamped.
Why are you here anyway?
Could you possibly be
my designated driver?
A driver? Why?
My license is suspended
until the end of the month.
Could you help me?
Answer me.
Do you... like Hyuk?
Okay. 50,000 won, deal?
Deal.
I think this is the right place.
No one's here though.
Joon.
You shouldn't just go in there.
Is anyone here?
Joon...
Excuse me!
Anyone here?
Is no one here?
Joon.
It's open.
Hello.
Is it okay to just go in? Is this okay?
Is no one here?
What's wrong, Joon?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
She's a strange girl.
She's not someone who would be
hanging around with Byun Hyuk.
Look into Baek Joon.
Find out why she's always with Hyuk.
What are you doing?
Are you looking into my background?
Why am I here? Did you kidnap me?
Negotiate with them and get it.
How can I do that?
How can they do this, Jae Hoon?
Do I have to resolve work issues for you?
Figure it out yourself.
Are you getting other ideas?
Are you feeling bad
for your friend, Hyuk?
I wish you would be
different than typical employees.
If I do become different like you say,
can I be a man to you?